Update README.md (#27)
eu-digital-green-certificates/dgc-lib: README.md

</dependencies>
```

### Authenticating to GitHub Packages

**Attention:**
GitHub does not allow anonymous access to it's package registry. You need to authenticate in order to use the dgc-lib artefact provided by us. 

> Therefore y ou need to authenticate to [GitHub Packages](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-apache-maven-registry)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore you need to authenticate to [GitHub Packages](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-apache-maven-registry)
```
